Josiah Luke Randazzo

(719) 640-1108

Jl_Randazzo@hotmail.com

Objective

Launch  my  software  development  career  in  an  ambitious  and  challenging  internship. 

Education
2015-Present

Skills

Portfolio

Employment
2015-Present

Metropolitan State University of Denver, CO
Computer  Science  Major,  B.S.,  and  Mathematics  minor,  projected  graduation  in 
Summer/Fall 2019. 3.92 GPA.

Object-Oriented Programming, most familiar with C#—NUnit testing (used for TDD), Moq, 
and  many  other  libraries—very  familiar  with  Java  as  well;  object-Relational  Mapping 
experience,  primarily  with  the  Entity  Framework;  MSSQL;  Experience  with  the  GNU 
Compiler  Collection,  C,  C++,  and  system  calls  in  Linux  and  Windows;  Functional 
Programming, some familiarity with LISP and Scala, and frequent use of C#’s higher-order 
functions  and  Linq  libraries;  some  experience  with  Python  and  JavaScript  (jQuery)  in 
addition  to  HTML  and  CSS;  version  control  experience  with  git  (github.com  and 
bitbucket.com)—frequently used within Visual Studio, from the command line, as well as 
in SourceTree; Agile experience (Scrum). 

Refer to www.github.com/jl-randazzo/someportfolio. It’s a combination of real problems 
I  solved  and  academic  work.  Most  of  what’s  available  in  this  repository  was  written 
alongside a team. I included a personal project I’ve been working on with a friend written 
in C#; I invite you look. It nicely demonstrates my comfort level with O-O programming, 
design  patterns,  data  structures,  using  mathematics  in  my  code,  and  C#.  Go  to 
SomePortfolio\C#\HIGHLIGHTED_Observer_Subjects. Feel free to peruse the rest of my 
GitHub account as well; at this point, it’s mostly a hodgepodge of classwork and some 
independent work. In the near future, I’ll be making substantial uploads. 

Scott Friedman and Associates, Golden, CO
Hired as an Administrative Assistant and Digital Content Manager. Responsibilities include 
editing videos, audio, and company literature; providing technical support for hardware, 
software,  network,  and  email-related  issues;  drafting  design  and  marketing  materials; 
updating the company’s website and social media presence; maintaining client mailing 
lists  and  databases;  keeping  calendar  up  to  date;  and  drafting,  sending,  and  keeping 
record of client contracts, payments, and questionnaires. 

References

Available upon request.

